I am from Chicago Illinois but currently live in Numazu Japan! I am 26 years old. I have been playing starcraft since it came out in 1998. I have been playing competetively for about 2 years. I play Terran because I feel at all times there is a chance for Microing. Also Marines are OP. My favorite Pro Gamers are The King Mvp, Maru, Life, Scarlett Jaedong, and Rain and my favorite community figure is Day9. I felt it suited me well :) Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. I play everything and Anything. Currently playing Persona 4, Dragon Age Inquisition, Baldurs Gate, Cs Go, and Heroes. I would say Microsoft xbox is my favorite console every time but the recent consoles Ps4 takes the cake. also Nintendo is amazing... AHHH there like my children dont make me choose. I love the ocean and scuba diving. And I think If I could chill on a tropical island like Palau as a sea otter life would be awesome. My favorite movie is The Godfather. Top 3 are Night Watch by terry Pratchett Dandelion Wine by Ray Bradbury and One flewover the Cookoos Nest by Ken kesey. My favorite Anime is Cowboy Bebop. My favorite TV shows are Deadwood and The Wire for all time. Currently watching Marvels Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. I prefer Star Wars to Star Trek. I prefer coke over pepsi. I prefer StormCloaks over the Imperial Empire. I prefer DC to Marvel. My favorite superhero is Batman. My beverage of choice is Jack and Coke. I was born August 8th, 1988 at around 8:00. which means my birthday was 8/8/88 at 8:00. My wife of course FlyingBobbin is the sexiest human being alive. I'm married, Sorry Boys! Seriously I cannot pick one. I have so many but really every day knowing I have the coolest guys in the world to talk to and chill with every day is something I am super grateful for :D.

As you all know, Team Unrivaled fell in the semifinals for the fourth straight season. Once again, we were one map score away from moving on. Season 9 was going to be the season we reclaimed our former glory. Everything seemed to be going our way and I was crushed when I recieved the results to the semifinals. As Captain of Team Unrivaled the blame lies directly with me. I have taken it upon myself to dissect where we went wrong and to learn from those mistakes. One of the main changes to our team heading into season 10 is the downsizing of our team.

At the end of season 9 there were a lot of cuts to inactive players as well as a dozen or so people put on probation. Many of our core members felt that the team had strayed away from its original intimate roots. To get back to the tight knit core we once had, we made some hard decisions and trimmed our roster to the fighting force that I am happy to announce will be our roster heading into Season 10 http://www.choboteamleague.com/teamunrivaled.

The time to rebuild our dynasty is now. The mantle of the empire is in our distant past. That is why I have decided to no longer call our team the empire. It has been 4 seasons since our last championship. As of now, we are the underdogs. As of now we are the Rebels. Season 10 is a symbol of A New Hope for what will come.

Another large change to Team Unrivaled is the removal of our Small Council. The Small Council was a group of members created to help with administrative duties and any difficult decisions placed upon our Team. One of the main reasons we downsized our team to its core was to build a team where every member was trusted. Starting today, the Small Council is disbanded and all major changes and decisions will be explained to the team and voted upon in a poll on our forums by our team. As a team we will decide the future of TeamUR together.

Yet, there are still plenty of Administrative day to day duties that still need to be taken care of, so In lieu of the Small Council, I am creating administrative positions to help me run specific aspects of our team. These positions include:

I am the CEO and Leader of the team. I run and oversee all operations of Team Unrivaled.

Is the second in command of Team UR. When I am not available he is the leader and Captain. His decisions are mine.

Polar is in charge of the strategy aspect of the CTL. His duties include: creating a lineup to be submitted and reviewed by the captain for each week, keeping up to date on all players current skill level. He is Also in charge of making sure people are eligible to play in the ctl as well as notifying our players what they need to do to get elgible.

Couchie is the designated Caster for Team Unrivaled he is In charge of the Team Unrivaled Twitch channel as well as Casting and Streaming for Team Unrivaled.

They are in charge of the training and development of players on Team UR. Their duties include leading or finding a guest to lead practice for each week as well as reminding everyone each week about practice. They are also In charge of finding ways to motivate people to practice during the weekdays. Finally, they must Submit biweekly reports about players who have been very active and players who have been very inactive to both the Team Strategist, Captain and Assistant Captain.

Apogee is in charge of Recruiting players into our clan. He is in charge of all Reddit and team liquid posts dealing with recruiting. His duties include setting up tryout times and coordinating with the Captain and Assistant Captain with information about tryouts and all new recruits.

The head of Team Marketing, will be in charge of any public announcements made outside of the CTL. AKA posts on Team Liquid, Reddit, Clan Finder, updating our Team application forum,Creating logos and graphics or getting others to do so, as well as creating events and fun forum posts to bond Team Ur. Examples include our bio and roster page, as well as any fluff team bonding activities. For example creating a fun drunk ladderthon day or an in life meetup at a tournament would fall under the role of head of marketing. They will also be in charge of our weekly Funday Monday.

Lastly I would like to formally congratulate our members who have made it into the Chobo Star League. Team Unrivaled has the most participants of any team with a total of 9 members including: Polar, Vaccinate, Kiwi, Razgriz, Roxas, Monk, Blazejwa, Barcode, and Koali.The Start Date for season 10 is cautiously set for May 11th. Which is just 10 days away. I am absolutely psyched about Team Unrivaled entering into season 10 of The Chobo Team League and I hope more than anything that I can lead this team to its deserved championship.

Beginning today, I will be releasing a weekly schedule. The schedules purpose is to create a more structured off season filled with festivities and focused days. I am hoping these planned days will encourage Clan activity as well as building bonds in the offseason to strengthen our team going into next season. Now these days are of course are not all mandatory but please try to participate in as many as you can! Thumbs up. I am ecstatic to note that our clan currently has been very active on chat these past weeks. Yet, I would love to see a little more activity in Raidcall as well as to our gaming in general. This means getting to know members in the clan you might not know as well as playing extended series with your teamates. Please ask teamates in chat to play b03!!!!!

Also Please post in this thread about your thoughts and availability for the meeting and practice on Saturday. I am really Looking for leaders on the team to step up when I am not there. Anyone interested in helping run a practice or lead a ladderthon please message me.

Included in the schedule you will see a few important events. First we have a scheduled meeting to discuss any players who are currently on probation. This is an open forum open to anyone who has an interest in helping decide the fate of our clan. We will also be discussing how we are making the clan self governing by its populace rather than a small council.

Below is our first release of A Funday Monday. Eventually it will be getting its own forum post but I wanted to consolidate all the information into one thread for this week to make it easiear for everyone to find everything!

Also Don't forget to post in the Biography and Roster Forum that we have running. I was ecstatic to see tons of players answer the questionaire posted :D!!!!

So Behold Our Schedule for the following two weeks :D.

Our first Funday Monday Challenge will be titled THERE IS A BASE IN YOUR OPPONENTS BASE. To accomplish this DayPadula daily you must build a base inside your opponents base (preferablly at the beginning or mid stages of the game). For zerg this means proxy hatching. Terrans it means you must somehow get a planetary fortress. For Protoss it means building a nexus and using the photon overcharge. Good Luck and may the force of the proxy base be with you!

As I am sure most of you know, Team Unrivaled once again lost in the Semifinals by a map score of 5-4. This loss hurt, it hurt a lot. The season was ours to take. Yet, once again it seems at the finish line we fell short.

For a long time I have been trying to diagnose a few ailments that have been plaguing Team Unrivaled. Slowly I and other administrators have come to the conclusion that we need to go back to our roots as a tight knit close family.

Team Unrivaled has become a place of unfamiliar faces. With a total of 58 players I would say about 25 of them are in and out randomly every month. I and others believe that the random activity of a large portion of our team created a stigma not conducive to bonding and building relationships. Team Unrivaled slowly become a place that I couldn't call a Family anymore.

I believe the rapid expansion of Team Unrivaled has created both a clan filled with unfamiliar faces as well as an environment not conducive to building a Tight knit gaming Community. These past few weeks have been turbulent. We have lost some really strong and loving members. Most notably the assistant caption Josh aka Lolretrorat aka moobot as well as Lumiya. One of the main complaints from these two players was the stress from Inclan fighting.

After a few other Veterans of Clan Unrivaled spoke to me about their disillusionment with the clan we came to the conclusion that a drastic change had to happen to stop our clan from taking another step away from the tight knit group it used to be.

Yesterday, the Small Council as well as a few players online (around 10 of us) agreed actively that we needed to cut down our team size to our Core family. Although a majority of the cuts that have occurred are unfamiliar to many due to their rampant inactivity. There were also some active players cut because of their poor attitude and inability to build relationships with members on Team Ur.

As we move to the future there was some players that we believe have a place on Unrivaled yet are either completely new, have been recently inactive, or have been prone to friction within our community. We wanted to give these players the benefit of a probation period in which if they are active and bonding with members on the team they have nothing to worry about from any future cuts.

Although the season did not end on the best of terms. I know that with these changes moving forward will come a revitalization for our team and clan and I am excited to enter the future with you all.

We are at the finishing stretch of our Season. I wanted everyone to know that although you might not be in the lineup this is a team effort. We are all in this together. Everyones focus should be banding together to help all our members on our team prepare for their playoff matches. I sent everyone on the team the bottom message so please be active in helping each of the 9 members in our Lineup!

Unrivaled is not messing around this season. We are going to do everything we possibly can to take the ship. First I would like to congratulate you on getting placed in the lineup. You are part of our A team. The elite of Unrivaled. Gods among men. Deserving of steaks and blowjobs every day. Yet, With being the best of the best comes responsibility. We have so much talent on Unrivaled and as an elite member you are now a leader. You also hold the fate of the team’s championship in your left keyboard hand and right mouse hand. We are not pulling any dick punches this season with annually placing in the top 3 and 4 the last three seasons. I am fed up with it. We are all hungry for that Championship.

As Administrators we have been asking what can we do differently this season to ensure we do well in the finals? I and my small council agree that our relaxed team practice culture works well in the regular season, but might be a reason we've struggled to be rightfully crowned Champion. Playing for UR in the playoffs should carry the assumption you're going to train a bit harder than you usually would, and given the size of the team, finding practice partners really shouldn't be an issue.

The great Grand Terran Wizard of Stim Apogee remembered last year when he was practicing for playoff games he really felt like the team came out and pushed him to improve. There were times when 3 or 4 people just polished builds with me in customs all night. I'd love for everyone in the playoffs to have that kind of experience. I realize not everyone feels comfortable asking for help.

I want you to quash those fears. We have so many good players who will provide you with the tools needed for unrivaled to be on top again. These tools equal theory crafting, scouting, and of course being a good practice partner. Please ask yourself what build is powerful on this map. What will my opponent do. What flaws are in my build and what do I die to. Ask yourself what are my weaknesses then use the tools available to build up against those weaknesses. Remember we are not just Unrivaled. We are TEAM Unrivaled.

A message from your Supreme Commander and Clan Leader, Padula.

One perk to being on Team Unrivaled is not only are we an active clan, but goddamnit are we some of the sexiest people you will ever meet. I am talking Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie Sexy. Yet, it has never been truly decided who is the goddamn sexiest man or woman on Team Unrivaled! To participate in the "I am sexy and I know It" Contest please leave a Picture with a comment underneath. On Sunday night I will close entries and post a poll for the entire team to vote on. If their are a lot of contestants than the first round of voting will be to choose three people and we will narrow it down from there.

:D Each Week I hope to post some type of team building exercise to help everyone get to know each other and bond as a team. Please have fun, and no dick pics, for the love of god please no dick pics!

Week 2 of fight night is here!! A few changes to the format. Each person will now get two vetoes before each series. Also a quick reminder if you do not play in fight night you are not elgible for the clan wars each week during the season

Fight week will determine a hidden informal in-house ranking system as well as provide the opportunity for my players to prove themselves worthy over the course of the off-season and throughout next season. Although participating in Fight Week is not mandatory if you would like represent Clan Unrivaled in our weekly team league you must participate. For now I am assuming that everyone who is active in the clan wants to participate. If you do not wish to participate please send me a private message :sick:.

Matches must be played by next week Thursday! Please contact your opponent on skype ASAP :sick:. Also when finished please report your map score in the comments below :sick:

There will be a mandatory beginning of the season meeting on October Sunday the 12 at 8 Eastern Standard time (EST). If you cannot make it please message me asap with why you will be unable to attend. I know this is an unfriendly EU time but please try to do your best to make it. I expect all active members to attend this meeting for we will be discussing and voting on numerous things as well as talking about expectations for the year. Lets get that championship boys.

TLDR Meeting October 12 8:00 P.M. EST. If you cannot attend please message me.

Beginning this week I am instituting a weekly assigned b05 fight to each player. Fight week will determine a hidden informal in-house ranking system as well as provide the opportunity for my players to prove themselves worthy over the course of the off-season and throughout next season. Although participating in Fight Week is not mandatory if you would like represent Clan Unrivaled in our weekly team league you must participate. For now I am assuming that everyone who is active in the clan wants to participate. If you do not wish to participate please send me a private message :sick:.

Matches must be played by next week Thursday! Please contact your opponent on skype ASAP :sick:. Also when finished please report your map score in the comments below :sick:

First off, I want to say that I am proud of Team Unrivaled. Although we finished in fourth place, We lost to the first place finishers CT6 EU. Two things that I am especially proud of are our very high promotion rate. We placed second with the most promotions on one team. 9 promotions total. This is trully awesome.. Also we were second place with playing the most unique players during the regular season. We had 23 different players play throughout a 7 week period. Not only were we dominant during the regular season but we were dominant with our whole team. <3

Am I happy with Unrivaled. Yes very. This clan is a growing dominant clan. We are very active and a second family to many. Am I satisfied with 4th place. Hell No! Next season Is ours boys. Lets practice our asses off to get that. To get there we need to change a few things.

First off we need to change practice. Practice is not a once a week kind of thing. Anytime you are available I want you to be working on something with your game. That includes going over your replays. Trying out new builds. and custom b03 b05 games against players on our team. One thing that I am going to institute is a weekly fight night where everyone will have a weekly B03 match-up against someone in the clan that I will set up. I will be keeping a spreadsheet of this as well as stats. This will be an in season informal matchmaking system to help me see how are players Match-up against each other. As well as help me rank people within there respective divisions

Practice has not been scheduled due to many things but from now on practice will be Saturday at 730 Est Time and Wednesday at 6:30 Est Time. I will be running practice on Saturdays. While on Wednesday one of my 5 Small council members will be running. Attending practice is highly recommended.

Roxas- A german Terran who is a jack of all trades. Has gotten masters with zerg in early Hots but loves playing terran. Watch out. He is coming for you.
Razzle- Is an american up and coming Diamond Zerg from good ole america.
Supreme- Diamond Terran aaahhhhh yeaaaaahhhh.

Chillidawg- Plat European Zerg. his name is delicious... Where the fuck am i going to find a chilidawg in japan?

Levi- Gold Terran from The motherland. He is an up and coming terran I expect big things.
FnG- Gold zerg and protoss. plays op race. also a caster for Xig.

Doc is Unrivaled's Ace but more importantly he is the steadfast rock to this team. He is also the most succesful Chobo player on team UR. This is not because of his pure talent but rather his preperation. Doc is a leading example of how one needs to treat Starcraft 2 like any other dicsipline through steadfast practice but more importantly time spent preparing for maps, matchups, opponents, as well as studying and tinkering with builds. Along with all of this Doc is a premier leader and teacher on this team. I am proud to announce him along with Jordan as my two right hand man and Co-Captains of Unrivaled.

Officers are veteran and leaders on the team. If you have been promoted to an officer it means you are part of my inner circle and you hold heavy sway in how Team Unrivaled is run. Although I listen to all of my players at all times, My officers are the ones who I will be going to for council in any matters that I require a second opinion in.

This week we have a clan war against Team Composite. It will consist of 2 gold players one platinum player and 2 diamonds. I will choose who gets played through a point system.

There are four ways to receive points. One way is through laddering. For each ladder game you play you will receive one point . (if you play on a different region other than NA please tell me and I will add the games played from both regions ). The other way to collect points is through 1v1 custom games against teammates. I believe that custom games against other teammates are more valuable than laddering so each custom 1v1 game played is worth 2 points. You can also gain points by watching your own replays (also worth one point. Last but not least, you may recieve points by watching vods or tournaments for every 3 games you watch you will receive one point!

Points for the clan war will be collected from Thursday the 19th Tokyo time 11:00 A.M to Sunday Tokyo time 7:00 A.M.

Practice will be at 6 P.M. Eastern Standard Time this Saturday if you cannot make practice please message me.

If you are a Diamond on the Team I want you to drop two more replays into the Replay Drop Box!(you were supposed to drop your first replay last week). Each diamond should have their own folder where they will keep important replays both from professional players and their own game-play. The drop box will eventually be a great resource for all of team unrivaled to go and study builds. If you have not been invited to the drop box yet please send me your email and I will add you asap

By next week Tuesday the 24th I want each Diamond player to have a replay that shows 1 build for each of the three match-ups. (3 replays in the drop box total for each player)


Although it is the off-season I want everyone to be play at least around 15 games a week for silver and golds and 25 games a week for our plat and diamond players. I cannot stress this enough but the most important part of Being on team Unrivaled is being active. Please play customs with teammates, watch replays, watch vods, discuss strategy, watch tournaments and help out anyone asking for your help.

I would love to introduce Unrivaled's newest members to the team :sick:. Without further ado I will make some baller (made up) Player introductions.

- Fluid (Rewrite(Julie)) is our first Random Player to ever join the team (as far back as I remember at least). Recently, she was promoted to the gold division. At first skeptical of our clans intentions she promised herself that she would remain anonymous holding all personal information separate from the team. Exactly 1 hour and 22 minutes later she had spilled that her name was Julie, that she loves anime, that she is Asian and she lives in some state that I forgot! Unrivaled is just too lovable to not spill UR guts too (pun intended) :sick:!

- Asamov (Will) is our new Platinum Protoss. For his job he kills Terrans. Literally he has an 87 percent win rate for his tvp. He also is an assasin in real life. Asamov is the epitomy of the strong silent hero type who does not mince words. He also is dreamy. Think of like a young Mel Gibson in mad max. A Manly kinda of dreamy.

- Saltz is a new Gold Terran. Introduced to the team by the god known as doc, I am excited to see what saltz will bring to the team. Saltz is not really aptly named for he is nowhere near as salty as Reapercile who is one of the saltiest mother fuckers i have ever met. Saltz was named after the salt mines on Kessel where he worked as a slave until an Alderanian smuggling operation whisked him off the planet mainly due to how ridiculously good looking he is. Please welcome saltz to our team

-Son of War Our new diamond Zerg. Lives in Hong Kong and speaks Cantonese, Mandarin, and fluent English. He is a bad ass and I suspect him also to be an international spy. Recruited as a platinum he was promoted the next day to diamond just troll me. Son of War loves to go on long walks on the beach and drink Pina Coladas . Nicknamed the lady killer. He is frequently on Starcraft 2 late into the night and is a great zerg practice partner so please hit him up!

-RamenNinja our new Gold Protoss. A blast from the past Is coming at you. A very active diamond player in WOL during his tryout I thought I was stepping into a time machine. I was back in 2012 petrified of the might of the 4 gate. RamenNinja is a neat addition to our team. He is like that movie about a frozen cave man who comes back to life thousands of years later.......... such an awesome movie.  :sick:

-enMuria (Marius Valles Codina) is our new Platinum Spanish Zerg. Newly promoted to platinum he is an up and comer on our team who i am really excited about. Not only is the next Zerg Bonjwa but he also has the sexiest Spanish accent. Marius is another up and comer who I can tell is going to post big results in the Chobo Team League. That is if he isn't too busy wooing all the ladies with his spanish charm and Oberin like accent!

-Cobalt (Zach) our solo active silver player on the team. Cobalt plays Zerg and you best build turrets if you play him. His love for Mutalisks is Unrivaled. (pretty punny right) Zack is most definitely not keen for Maccas (inside joke between silly Australians Cobalt and I) and is affronted by the very name Maccas which is what Australian renamed McDonalds... seriously type Maccas into google it is an atrocity in marketing that should not have worked... Australians I am disappointed in you.

Ilosethenop as well as Rehab this will be included in next weeks newsletter.

It is exactly one week before season 7 of the Chobo Team League begins!!! Before we get into the happenings and goings on currently occurring on Team Ur and throughout the Chobo Team League I want to talk about the new season!!!


First and foremost, the new season is here. Many of us are a part of the annual demotion that happens every season. I want to really stress that being demoted is normal. All of grandmaster closes every new season and empties into masters, a lot of masters have dropped to diamond and so on and so on. Do not be discouraged by your demotion. Also if you try to play the week that a new season beings prepare to be trounced all the other try hards with their try hard pants are also online trying to get there promotion back. So expect the ladder to be extra tough in the upcoming weeks.

important information!! To be elgible to play in the Chobo Team League, if you have been demoted, you must play 30 games in the new season. If you were not demoted you need to play 20 games. Therefore, for me to be able to put you in the lineup you must have 30 or 20 games played depending on if you were demoted or not.


Your Homework for the week is to complete the required amount of games needed for you to be elgible for the Chobo Team League. I know 20 is a lot for some players this week but please do your best I want the entire team to be elgible to play :sick:. If you cannot play the necessary games played please contact me. Homework Item 2!! please provide your email address in the following Contact spreadsheet. I need your email to invite you to our new Google drive. Our New Google Drive is where you will be able to find any and all information pertatining to Team Unrivaled, From all of our spreadsheets, our new Replay Drop folder, and also any merchandice and logo ideas are members are thinking about creating. For our casters I plan to have a folder for any and all interfaces as well as backround and file information for brackets and backdrops for your stream!

Season 7 starts out with a bang. We are faced against Guns and Roaches and Lucky 13 the defending champions and the third place finishing Guns and Roaches. It will be a true test of our grit and determination and will take all of Team Ur's Heart to dominate both teams. I plan to make a statement to the league right away. Right now. For everyone who is practicing especially if you think you are the best in your league I want you grinding and honing your builds. Work your ass off for we are going to take it to them.

Now, Because both Guns and Roaches and Lucky 13 are elite teams in the league I will be choosing our line up based on who I think the best players in each league are. Our point system for who gets to play will not kick in until week 3. This does not mean you should slack off although at the start of week 2 I will be resetting the points to see who is practicing the hardest. I will be keeping track of all the weeks and reward players who are consistently posting big numbers on the spreadsheet!
